and
without reliable and high-quality gaming
headset or headset gamers now
practically nowhere
Headphones are required in any online game
not important m m p p r of shooters or
manufacturers understand our
problem therefore produce the mind
headset headsets for every taste and color
in past issues we told you
the main characteristics of the headphone series
cyberia B2 from steelseries
however today we will introduce you
say with a newcomer to the gaming market
headphones we again sayborg vs 5
she is
located in comfortable
spacious ambyushura large speakers
reproduce stereo wide
frequency range
provide clean and clear
sound reproduction
most important game details previously hidden
your ears will enrich the game
impressions and diversifies the game as
never before unique design
headset designed with function
suppressing external noise so you always
could concentrate on their game
in other words, we can say that this
best man's headphone model
will make you soundproof during the game
no matter where you are in noisy
indoors or in a simple room
otherworldly sounds will not disturb you
you can concentrate on the game
the weight of the headphones at first glance seems
pretty big however it is only
first impression having spent several
hours of the game you will not feel
no pressure on the ears days
head generally lightweight metal
components provide various
adjustment and personalization options
down to turning the cups for a comfortable
wearing the neck all this for the first time
implemented in the gaming headset when you
do not use your microphone for communication
with teammates he only gets in the way
thanks to the idea of ​​a removable microphone in
mathcad saiborg freaks 5 this problem
disappeared connect it only when
necessities and if you play in a noisy
location advanced technology
noise cancellation keep your conversation in
crystal silence
use standard audio jacks
to connect your mp3 player or
make a smartphone and look and bumpers
5 portable headset
just disconnect the usb cable from three seconds
half millimeter audio cable and
then connect to your devices and in
If you connect to a smartphone
will be able to receive and incoming calls
mad catz gaming headphones ibek africa 5
provide you with a comfortable game and become
irreplaceable friend in any virtual
competition
prolonged use without harm
body quality sound removable
microphone and dual connection type as
for the game and for the simple
listening to music
all this includes matt headset
Kats Olborg Freaks 5 Order mad catz
cyborg fly 5 you can in the store
devices area 51 which is located on
Address Kiev city street Hetman 13
official store website 3w. zone 51
dot com
Well